December 12th 2022 18:03
516 E Parkinson St Viroqua WI

Hello friend

I couldn't tell you what the weather is outside because I've been sick in my house all day and the later half of yeterday.
I feel like a complete tub of shit.
Adyn is currently at the gym and I wish I had the strength to be there too.
But I don't.
I'm also missing out on Kwiktrip's year end meeting, which I've never been to and most likely will never go to, because I'm quitting soon.
I am quitting because I don't trust the people I work with anymore and I refuse to change the way I speak. 
Especially when I'm told to do so.
To sum up what happened, Lydia, and a few other people, stabbed me in the back.
They reported a bunch of things I have done/said, some accurately and some twisted into lies, a day before I was getting my promotion.
One day I had brought in smelling salts because I wanted Logan to try them, I had told Lydia what it was and that I bought it off Amazon.
She was being a complete bimbo like she always is, saying "that's not safe" and "one of my cousins died after saying a drug was safe" having zero clue what she's talking about.
Lydia then told Lora that I had been snorting a weird substance and letting kids try it.
This lead my managers to think I was too unprofessional to fulfil the role of a Guest Service Leader.
And my managers are on her side because Lora is good friends with the family and Brock is a lowlife creep that needs to simp because his wife is ugly.
So because of all that, I'm not sure what to do.
I applied to Walmart for now.
I'm not sure if I'll take the job or not.
I'm not sure if I want to find some other job or go back to Japan to work on coding.
I really don't know what to do.
But all I do know is I need to quit Kwiktrip and I need to move out of this town.
I'm not sure what I'll do with Lydia.
I can't think of any short term revenge plans.
All I can think of is coming back to this town in a few years and flexing my riches and bitches.
So I guess I'm in kind of a low point in life but when you're at a low point in life, you get one MASSIVE advantage.
Which is you have NOTHING to lose.